uu
the judas beer
the game of beer offers a rich set of nuances that allow
illustrate much pain of mentor tere system of management and of the
information
first of all after beer is a model because it's a representation
partial of the real system because it has a part of the identical structure is
that is, systems such as morphic is a dynamic model because the system
It changes as time goes by, what is it for?
the simulation of the beer production and distribution system
allows us to know how the structure of the system is to say elements that
interrelate center them and the whole
determine the behavior of the system
almost independently of the decisions that are taken what are its elements and
how can we apply them
the elements of beer are consumers
beers
cnc ap
retailers wholesalers
distributors factories
and the determined relationships
who buys where when the consumers who buy where they want
all week while retailers and wholesalers and
dealers
they acquire products at certain times and the factory also
has a beer production structure
three weeks for a batch and a week for the change of products to
dynamically interact these elements including the delays for the
transmission of information
before the team what it represents in the passenger ode of the sale of beer
b
the factory responds four or six weeks later
producing this type of networks
when already the demand for the state nor the normal
partial views of wholesale distributors and retailers
determine that the final inventories
the ability of the market to absorb them for a long time is openly foreseen
we are in the presence of a situation in which the causes that listen to it
they are separated in time
which is not strange in the complexity of the systems
the complexity
here present
ao in a simplified system like this model
does not allow to determine the policyholders
decisions
retailers wholesaler
dealers
and madrid
what are the leverage points
so that the decision really causes meningitis
because another situation that shows that there is more
there are no correct answers since the complexity determines that there is this type
of sites
and negatives in each institution
some immediate and others that will appear long after
know the culture of the system will allow is that the decisions are not
directed
so to the apparent nor superficial if they do not go well to what younger
undoubtedly this sets a different possible nose level with the
system approach
Another situation that appears is that decision makers place orders
loser barret who do not receive a requested amount pushing beyond what
what was necessary
when thermal things keep getting worse
We do not have beer despite having placed many orders
the situations will bury
a little more before improving
begin to arrive orders this situation
fluctuates inventories
if we graphically observe the behavior over time
we will observe that by not understanding the structure and behavior of the system and
make decisions about the apparent
when we owe in inventory
how much was sold last week
there are times when inventories are exhausted and
later they will be saturated
because the implicit structural delays of the system for
transmit information
they also have amplifying effects
which determine a super demand was super production from a
minimal detonator
let's think how many losses occurred with the inventories parked the
taxation
and how much loss does it represent when you stop selling because you do not have inventory?
time one of the ports later forester the to raise this swing
of the system
as a product of the lack of information and that injecting the right mind into the
system will be possible to control that oscillations from being a site to that
Improve your behavior by looking more
let's think about what happened in the beer game if the information about
of the retail sales is transferred to the factory and every point
intermediate without delays
we would have a better chance of controlling the chicken
between the parameters that determine poty moss for inventory of the
production
the behavior would be different westphal we would have acted on the culture